[beeping]
[intense music plays]
[Tory grunts]
-[grunting]
-[Silver] Ais.
[grunting]
-Double punch. Ais.
-[grunting]
[Tory grunts]
-[Silver] Ais.
-[grunting]
There he is.
The man himself.
Joon-bee stance.
An exemplar
of everything Cobra Kai stands for.
Loyalty.
[tense music plays]
Discipline.
Inner strength.
After former Sensei Kreese's
cowardly attack,
most people would've
crawled into a hole to hide.
Not Stingray.
He stood tall.
Demanded justice.
That's Cobra Kai.
[tense music continues]
Let's give him the welcome he deserves.
[boy 1] Stingray!
-Woo!
-[boy 2] Woo!
-[boy 3] Stingray!
-[cheering and applause]
Nichols, take over class.
I need a word with my guy here.
-How's the new place? Settling in?
-Oh, yeah.
Uh, yes, Sensei. Thank you.
Nobody ever rented me an apartment before.
I feel like a kept woman.
[chuckles] Not at all.
I want my loyal soldier living in style.
It's the least I could do
in light of your sacrifice.
Yeah.
And I tend to do more than the least.
[dramatic music crescendos]
Got a little surprise for ya.
Oh, whoa. Heavy!
Sensei Lawrence,
my ex-sensei,
uh, used to, uh, have one just like it.
This was Sensei Lawrence's.
My car guy found it at an impound auction.
And now,
it's yours.
Check the trunk.
[rock music plays]
Aw!
[chuckles] That's…
Dude, that's so cool.
[rock music continues]
[rock music ends]
[mellow music playing]
-Let me guess. Your dad invited you?
-Yep.
-He didn't tell you I was coming?
-Nope.
Hey, hey. Where are you going?
Sit down. Hear me out.
All right, yeah, I lied to get you here.
After the water park,
I knew you wouldn't come willingly.
I know you're in bitchy moods
'cause you broke up with your girlfriends.
Since the Mexico thing felt like
a small step in the right direction,
I figured it might help
if we went on another trip.
A trip?
To a mall in Chatsworth?
Your body might be at a mall, my friend,
but your taste buds are about to go
on a tour of the old country.
-This guy knows what I'm talking about.
-I do.
It doesn't matter where we go.
The birthplace of culinary delight awaits.
You want an Alfredo? Boom, we're in Rome.
Ravioli? Tuscany it is.
We gotta come back here
for the chocolate lasagna,
'cause like baseball and Big Gulps,
that's only in America.
I'm gonna get you guys breadsticks
fresh out of the oven.
I'll come right back. Done and done.
Come on, guys.
Guy gives that effort,
you sit there looking pissed?
-It's not his effort I'm pissed at.
-Breadsticks aren't gonna fix this.
Spoken like a man who's never had
the Garden's breadsticks.
One bite, you'll forget
why you were ever mad at each other.
-I'm never gonna forget that.
-Neither am I.
[Johnny sighs]
-I'll give you a minute.
-Thanks.
[sighs]
[Chozen] You slept late.
I went to bed late.
Daniel-san,
family will return.
Sure about that?
Hai.
Family is most important thing
to all of you.
Strong bonds forged together.
Strong bonds, huh?
And all it took
was Terry Silver to break 'em.
That is why we must defeat him.
Try selling that to Amanda.
That son of a bitch
knew exactly what he was doing.
How could she not see through him?
How does everyone not see through him?
-Where'd this come from?
-[Chozen] With mail.
No envelope.
This is Cobra Kai sensei.
Was Cobra Kai sensei.
Silver's partner before he was sent to
prison for beating this guy half to death.
Apparently someone wants me to think
there's more to the story.
We must speak with this man.
And then what? We get
another furniture store burned down?
For all we know, this is Silver
sending us on a wild goose chase
so he could screw up my life even worse.
Could be.
Or… could be answer to expose Silver
and get family back.
Best to see for ourselves.
[Amanda] Okay, Mom. More cribbage,
less marriage counseling.
[Joanne] I'm just saying
marriage became obsolete
when we invented
electricity and television.
[knocking on door]
Sam, Anthony, let's go!
You sure you don't wanna come to dinner?
-You and your cousin should catch up.
-[Amanda] Okey-dokey.
[both gasp and squeal]
-Oh, Mandy!
-[Amanda] Jessie!
[both laugh]
-Oh my goodness.
-Oh!
Oh my God! Look at you two!
-[Sam] Hey.
-Bring it in. Give me some sugar.
[kisses] Oh, wow!
Okay. Where is your old man?
I got ten pounds
of mac and cheese for him.
Uh, Dad didn't come with us.
He's got a lot going on. So…
Oh, well, I'm sure it'll keep
if Aunt Jo puts it in the freezer.
-I'll try to have 'em back before curfew.
-[Joanne] I've heard that one before.
Okay. Come on, you guys. Let's go.
-[Miguel sighs]
-Relax. I told you. Robby's not home.
Yeah, okay.
What's, uh… What's all this?
Ah, don't worry about it.
You literally just said he wasn't here.
I lied again.
Not my fault you fell for it twice.
You guys are right. Tricking you
into lunch wasn't my best effort.
So I did some interneting.
Found strategies
for building trust and teamwork
through cooperative exercises.
The least lame one is called
an escape room. How it works--
I know what an escape room is.
I'm not doing it.
That goes double for me.
I reversed the doorknobs.
It's locked from the inside.
-[Miguel sighs]
-And this is the only key.
[metal clanking]
Glued the windows shut too. No one's
getting out unless you work together.
Now, as I was saying,
the way it works is,
you start with a theme, okay?
Our theme is the Lincoln County War.
[rock music plays]
New Mexico territory, 1878.
Lincoln County regulators
José Chavez y Chavez
and Josiah "Doc" Scurlock
have been arrested to be hanged.
-You're Chavez, obviously.
-This is the plot of Young Guns 2.
-Shit. You saw it?
-With you.
Dad, you're missing the point.
You could lock us in forever,
and we're never gonna be friends.
Why are you suddenly pushing this so hard?
Because me and your mom…
We're all sort of on our way
to becoming a family.
A family? Me and him? Are you joking?
-Maybe not the traditional kind.
-No, not any kind.
You two have your thing, whatever.
Keep forcing this,
all you'll do is get his ass kicked.
-Ready when you are, runner-up.
-Name the time and place.
[knocking on the door]
I am Billy the Kid,
and I have a riddle for you.
♪ In a blaze of glory ♪
♪ Take me now, but know the truth ♪
♪ I'm going out… ♪
[in Spanish] I screwed up.
[in English] No, Rosa. I did.
Again.
♪ I never drew first
But I drew first blood ♪
♪ I'm no one's son ♪
-Don't close the door!
-[door slams]
Shit.
[speaks Japanese]
"Heart is most essential quality."
Amanda-san knows your heart.
I appreciate what you're trying to do,
but really I'm not in the mood
for platitudes right now.
I just want this all over with.
[engine roars]
♪ My life, my life ♪
♪ I'm becom… I'm becom… I'm becoming… ♪
That's Johnny's old car.
Kreese put this guy in a coma
and now he's driving around
in a Cobra Kai billboard on wheels?
[Stingray] ♪ I'm becom…
I'm becom… I'm becoming ♪
♪ I'm becom… I'm becom… I'm becoming ♪
♪ Been a slave ♪
♪ To the Judas in my mind ♪
♪ Is there nothing left for me to say ♪
♪ In the wreckage of my life? ♪
♪ I'm becom… I'm becom… I'm becoming! ♪
[knocking on door]
♪ Judas in my mind ♪
Oh shit.
[sighs]
Can I help you?
Raymond Porter? I'm Daniel LaRusso.
I know who you are, Mr. LaRusso.
Your muscle, on the other hand--
We saw you drive up in a pretty unique
set of wheels. Where did you get 'em?
My car guy found that
at an impound auction.
I'm sure you can see
how that sounds a little strange
after what Kreese did to you?
Kreese… No. Cobra Kai has completely
changed since Sensei Silver took over.
Now it's about loyalty and discipline.
And loyalty.
You got a trust fund, Raymond?
Is that what's going on here?
-I mean--
-What? No.
You are looking at a, uh, 100%
American-made, blue-collar man.
Seeing how you're throwing money around.
New apartment. New car.
Ninja-level gaming station.
Oh, I wish. Ninja's setup is just beyond.
And my finances
are between me and TurboTax.
You know what I think?
I think you lied about Kreese.
Silver paid you to do it
so he could have Cobra Kai to himself.
[scoffs] That's… I don't know how you…
You gotta really leap to--
Why would someone
leave this in my mailbox?
Uh, look, I…
No. You know what? I don't know why
someone left that in your mailbox. Okay?
A-All I know is that Sensei Silver
is an honorable man.
He felt terrible for what happened.
Sensei Silver came after my family.
That's the kind of man he is.
Well, if that is true, then you must have
done something to deserve it.
You're gonna give me
a goddamn straight answer!
[Stingray] Oh no.
[groans] My PlayStation.
-Who gives a shit about your PlayStation?
-Daniel-san. Enough.
You are not yourself.
[speaks Japanese]
[somber music plays]
-He's obviously full of shit.
-[Chozen] Hai.
He's also no stingray.
He is turtle.
If pressed,
he will retreat further into shell.
You're right. He's bought and paid for.
This guy's never gonna help us.
Mmm.
[breathes deeply]
But I know someone who can.
[tense music crescendos]
[rock music plays]
-[Jessica] Oh.
-Oh, wow. This place never changes.
You literally say that every time.
Oh, check it out! Vintage.
Right, yeah. They're, um,
remaking old stuff from the '80s.
[laughs] Sweet, sweet boy.
This is no cheap remake.
That's the original.
Your mom used to play it for hours.
Till she got into underage drinking.
She even had top score at one point.
Who knows? She might even still have it.
Only way to find out
is to get on that leaderboard.
[Anthony] Sure, yeah.
How hard can it be?
[rock music continues]
Okay. What's new? Catch me up.
Oh, same ol', same ol'.
Just got back from climbing in the Gorge.
The girls are both working out that way.
But we didn't siphon off the kids
to talk about me.
What's the real reason
Daniel didn't make the trip?
So you saw through that one, did ya?
[woman] Jessica Andrews!
I see you, girl.
Oh God.
Hey. [chuckles awkwardly]
Christ sakes.
Amanda Steiner.
Hey, Lizzie-Anne.
Remember she beat up that car
with the baseball bat?
What was that nickname
that we gave you after that?
God, it was so good.
Good God, I wish I could remember,
you know. It was so long ago.
We're gonna catch up. It was a good talk.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
Have fun.
I commit one act of vehicular vandalism.
Never mind the middle-aged mean girls
with faded lower back tattoos.
Spill the beans.
What's going on with you and Daniel?
I guess it all started
when he got back into karate.
[knocking on door]
You have to open it from out there.
-Hey.
-[Johnny] LaRusso?
-Oh, you look like shit.
-[Daniel] I need your help.
I think Silver paid Stingray
to lie about Kreese's attack.
-He's driving your old Cobra Kai mobile.
-What?
He joined Cobra Kai
back when it was still your dojo, right?
You get him to flip,
we might take Silver down for good.
-Time to get back in the game.
-Sorry. I'm dealing with family stuff.
I washed my hands of Cobra Kai
when we lost the tournament.
What? Y-You started
the whole Cobra Kai thing.
If you hadn't,
none of this would be happening.
You opened Pandora's Box, not me.
Listen, I don't know
who Pandora is or what's in her box,
but I got Robby out of there
and Kreese is in jail.
That's two wins as far as I'm concerned.
Best to leave well enough alone.
What about the other kids?
And since when
do you ever leave well enough alone?
What happened
to the "strike first badass"?
Do I need to kick his ass to wake him up
or was just one tournament loss
all it took to turn you into a pussy?
[tense music plays]
[tense music crescendos]
What are you doing?
You show up out of the blue,
raving like a lunatic, you reek of booze,
and now you wanna fight me
'cause I don't wanna get pulled
back into this rivalry?
What's going on with you?
[sighs]
[calm music plays]
What the hell am I doing?
[sighs]
If you think I'm off the rails…
Way off. Look at ya.
Your shirt's not even tucked in.
[sighs]
Amanda let you leave the house like that?
She wasn't there to stop me.
Finally pushed her past her limit.
She's at her mother's in Ohio.
She took the kids with her.
Damn it. The space lobsters
have tractor beams?
This game is bullshit.
Is this you?
-[boy shouts]
-[Kenny grunts]
[boy] Oh!
[laughter]
[Sam] This went Valley-viral.
I was there. Why didn't you get me?
I don't know. Something tells me
getting my sister to beat up my bully
was not the best solution long-term.
And besides, I, uh… I kind of deserved it.
Your bully?
How long has this been going on?
Apparently, there is no end.
Whoa, that is a lot.
Every time I think it's over,
another enemy emerges from Daniel's past
like some twisted game of whack-a-mole.
His latest one, Terry Silver?
-He was hosting a charity--
-[chokes] Sorry.
Terry Silver is back?
You know Terry Silver?
How?
Um, okay, when I…
When I met Daniel,
he was going through some things,
and Silver was the cause.
-You never thought of mentioning it?
-I never thought he would come back.
By the time you were moving to LA
and I put you in touch with Daniel,
he was way past all of that.
Silver did a real number
on Daniel back then.
-Yeah, I've heard the headlines.
-I'm not sure the headlines do it justice.
-[tense music plays]
-[Jessica] He pretended to be his friend.
-Then his mentor.
-[young Daniel] Hey, come on--
[Jessica] While his goons
wrecked his Bonsai shop, beat him up.
They assaulted me.
They terrorized Daniel
at every opportunity.
[tense music continues]
All to drive a wedge
between Daniel and Mr. Miyagi.
And it worked.
At least for a while.
-I didn't know it got so intense.
-[Jessica] Yeah.
But he got past it back then,
so he can get past it now, right?
Yeah. Except he didn't really
get past it then, did he?
I left her a bunch
of bourbon-soaked messages last night,
but she hasn't called me back yet.
We both know I'm not the guy
you come to for advice on this stuff.
Family's never been my strong suit.
But it is yours.
Always annoyed me.
I'm sure you and Amanda have your hiccups,
but you always get over 'em.
No reason to think
you're not gonna get through this,
as long as you keep your head
out of your ass.
That's… a valid point.
Do I wanna ask what's going on here or…
Robby moved in. Him and Miguel
are at each other's throats again.
This is my dumb idea
to get them to iron it out.
It crashed and burned.
[chuckles] So much for "Goggle's" advice
on conflict resolution.
Hmm. Surprised you know how to "goggle,"
or the phrase "conflict resolution."
Obviously, you care a lot about them both,
so I have a pretty good feeling
you're gonna work it out too.
Whether it be with the computer savvy,
new Johnny approach
or something a little more…
Johnny Classic.
Johnny Classic, huh?
-I didn't think you were a fan of his.
-Yeah, well, he's starting to grow on me.
Tell anyone I said that,
we really are gonna fight again.
I'm not talking tournament rules.
Maybe that's how we should have done it
all those years ago.
If we hadn't had to stop at three points,
we might've got this out of our systems.
I might have.
Three points is all you had in you.
[laughs]
There he is.
All right. On that note,
thanks for the banquet. [sighs]
And, um…
And the perspective.
That's what I'm here for.
All right.
[gentle music plays]
[gentle music fades]
So I tried to apologize at the tournament,
but, you know, I just pissed him off more.
-If Robby didn't show up--
-Robby?
He came in as I was getting my ass kicked,
and stopped it from getting kicked worse.
I'm starting to see
why Dad hates Cobra Kai.
Oh my God. Babe Ruthless!
Babe Ruthless.
That's what we used to call you.
That's right.
Thanks for the trip down memory lane.
Oh. Oh, I'm sorry.
Does Miss Coastal Elite not like
to be reminded of where she came from?
-Blow it out your ass, Rooney.
-[Amanda giggles]
Why don't you make me, Andrews?
Oh, look at the tough chick.
[Jessica] You need to back off, Elizabeth.
Oh yeah? Or what?
-Keep it up and you'll find out.
-Stay in your lane, Steiner.
This is a bar, not a yoga class.
So unless you've got a bat
hiding behind that bony butt--
I don't need a bat for you, tramp stamp.
-[grunting]
-[glass smashing]
[grunting]
[Amanda] Let go of me! [strains]
-You asked for it, bitch.
-[Amanda gasps]
[Sam grunts]
-[Amanda] Holy shit!
-[dramatic music plays]
-Go!
-Where? Where?
[music fades]
[Daniel] You almost packed?
Daniel-san, we must not give up.
I understand how you feel.
As much as I can't stomach
the thought of letting Silver win,
it's not worth losing my family over.
Nothing is.
I have failed you.
[sighs] No.
[emotional music plays]
The opposite.
You have gone above and beyond.
Any failures were mine alone.
I'm only sorry I wasted your time.
Defending honor of Miyagi-Do
never a waste of time.
[sighs]
Nor is helping friend.
[emotional music swells]
[sighs]
I won't be able to sleep tonight
unless I make amends with Raymond.
I'm gonna go take care of that
while you finish packing.
Hmm.
Then we'll head to the airport.
Maybe start planning
a LaRusso family trip to come visit you.
Assuming I can make amends
with them too. [sighs]
I know you will, Daniel-san.
[air horn blares]
-What the hell is going on?
-Mind your business. Beat it.
-Stay put.
-Are you kidding?
-I don't know how many times--
-Quiet!
[dramatic music plays]
You wanna hang on to your grudge? Fine.
At least be men about it.
Put your fists where your mouths are.
You want us to do what?
Fight it out.
[dramatic music continues]
No points. No mats.
Keep fighting until you get it
out of your systems.
What, here? Now?
It's a time, this is a place.
Unless that was just talk?
Not for me.
Or me.
All right. Let's get on with it.
[tense music plays]
[Miguel grunts]
[Robby grunts]
Is that all you got?
[grunting]
Thought you guys were sworn enemies.
[tense music continues]
[grunting]
[Robby breathes heavily]
[tense music plays]
[Robby grunts]
[dramatic music plays]
[Miguel groans]
Let's go.
[Miguel yells]
[grunting]
[dramatic music swells]
[dramatic music continues]
[Miguel groans]
-[Robby grunts]
-[Miguel groans]
[Johnny] Hey! Stairwell's out of bounds!
[dramatic music continues]
That's it. Fight's over!
[grunting]
[Johnny] All right. That's enough.
-[Robby groans]
-[Johnny] Robby! Miguel! Knock it off!
[dramatic music continues]
-Shit.
-[grunting]
-Shit!
-[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[groaning]
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[yells]
[Sam] Miguel!
[dramatic music fades]
[breathes heavily]
[both breathing heavily]
Why'd you hold back?
I didn't get into karate to hurt people.
I did it to be a badass and find balance.
Yeah, I understand that.
Last time we fought like this,
uh, how come you didn't hold back?
I wanted to finish the fight.
I mean, not like that. I just… I…
I had tunnel vision
and I got so angry that I just…
I mean, I barely knew where we were.
I'd take it back in a second if I could.
I was the cause
of the worst moment in your life.
If it's any consolation,
it was the worst moment in my life too.
[gentle music plays]
Yeah, I'll take it.
[Johnny] So?
Is it over?
Are you guys good?
[gentle music continues]
Thank God. If you still hated each other
when the baby gets here…
[gentle music stops]
The baby?
Wait, what?
You and my mom?
[sighs] Yeah, we're, uh, having a baby.
We were supposed to tell you together,
so act surprised.
-Holy shit!
-Yeah, like that.
Dad, that's… That's awesome.
That's awesome.
[upbeat music plays]
That was like an action movie.
You were like Jean-Claude Van Sam.
[giggles] I can teach you if you want.
-I thought you were done with karate?
-[Sam] Yeah, me too.
I don't know. I guess I just… wanted
things to go back to the way they were
before karate overtook everything.
But the reality is there'll always be
assholes and bullies in the world.
Sometimes it's nice
to know how to fight back against them.
I know chores aren't really your thing,
but we could fast-forward past them.
-Don't tell Dad.
-No problem. Been lying to him for years.
[laughs]
[Jessica] A couple of good eggs there.
But Sam?
Woo! Girl's got skills.
-It's in her blood, I guess.
-[Jessica] I'll say.
So is, uh, protecting her loved ones.
That one she gets from the both of you.
Mm-hmm. And the larger point
you're clearly trying to make is?
We just got into a bar fight.
-[both laugh]
-Over nothing. Okay?
[giggles]
Daniel, on the other hand,
has every reason
to hate Terry Silver
after what he put him through.
I still have nightmares myself sometimes.
So you're saying
I should cut him some slack?
Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.
[Johnny] All right. Dig in.
[rock music plays on radio]
Wow. You weren't kidding
about these breadsticks, Dad.
I wouldn't lie to you.
Three times in the same day.
Hi, Mom.
-Hi.
-Hi, Ms. Diaz.
I hope it's cool I'm here.
It's very cool.
You're welcome anytime here, Robby.
-Hola, amor.
-Hola.
[gentle music plays]
These guys are getting along now?
How did you manage that?
Don't tell me the bruises on their faces
mean you beat them into submission?
No, of course not.
They beat each other into submission.
Don't worry. It was all supervised.
It was actually LaRusso's idea.
I didn't know you and Daniel
were working together again.
We weren't.
But I think we might need to.
[gentle music fades]
Stingray?
It's Daniel LaRusso.
Hello?
I left you a message. I, um…
I got you a new PlayStation.
Hello?
You thought you could get him
to turn on me?
[tense music plays]
Actions have consequences, Mr. LaRusso.
[sighs]
Look. I'm not here for trouble.
Okay?
I'm out of the war.
I surrender,
if that's what you wanna hear.
The Valley is yours.
The Valley?
[tense music continues]
[chuckles]
It never ceases to amaze me
how small your mind is.
I don't give a shit about your Valley.
I've got much bigger plans.
Well, leave me out of 'em.
How's that beautiful wife of yours?
It's remarkable how easy it was
to disrupt your marriage.
-[Silver chuckles]
-[PlayStation thuds]
You opened the door,
and let me just waltz right in.
[Silver chuckles]
Imagine how easy it's gonna be
to wrap Cobra Kai gis
around both your kids.
[dramatic music swells]
[Daniel grunts]
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[Silver chuckles]
That's it, LaRusso.
That's the Cobra Kai student I remember.
[grunting]
You never really
had the strength, did you?
[Daniel groans]
[dramatic music builds]
[grunting]
I was ready to let this go.
And you just kept getting in my way.
[grunting]
[dramatic music continues]
[Daniel strains]
[dramatic music crescendos]
[Daniel groans]
[Silver] You bit off
more than you could chew.
And now that the writing's on the wall,
you wanna surrender?
No, no, no.
We are way past the time
of white flags, Danny Boy.
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
[Silver groans]
[dramatic music continues]
It's blood. So what?
Make believe it's his.
This guy wants to break you.
Humiliate you! Stomp you into the ground!
[echoing] What are you gonna do about it?
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
-[Silver yells]
-[Daniel groans]
[dramatic operatic music plays]
[Silver grunts]
[dramatic operatic music continues]
-[Daniel strains]
-[Silver] Don't look at this as mercy.
On the contrary.
[groans]
I want you alive and well
for what's about to happen.
Well, alive at least.
[gasps for air]
Because the real pain
is about to begin.
[ominous music plays]
[Tory] Everything was supposed
to be better after the tournament.
But it's only getting worse.
I'm becoming someone I don't wanna be.
I'm hiding the truth
from someone I care about.
I'm lying to someone I fear.
[ominous music continues]
[Tory] I'm delivering anonymous notes
that could put people in danger.
[groans]
[Tory] There must be another way.
Or at least somebody else out there
who wants to be in this fight.
[dramatic music plays]
Just tell me there's an endgame to this.
I need to know it's not all for nothing.
There is an endgame, kid.
Silver's going down.
Only he doesn't know it yet.
[dramatic music crescendos]
[theme music plays]